Blog post "Sanitizer API deprecation" (#7521)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/blog/sanitizer-api-deprecation/index.md

---
title: Sanitizer API deprecation
description: >

>   Chrome 119 will deprecate current Sanitizer API implementation to catch up with future specification updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The current Sanitizer API implementation is deprecated from Chrome 119 to catch up with future specification updates.
```
